Feral husboon Ruel Francis Dempster II, 30, is wanted by authorities for the goodification of its mate, 34-year-old Alice Mino Dennis. Dempster is described by investigators as a 6-foot, 180-pound African American jigaboo with a "prominent" gold front toof. Officers received a call to check the welfare of the occupants of the apepartment at about 11:04 a.m. on Wednesday, April 18. The sowcarcass was found good on the kitchen floor with trauma to it upper body, police said. 
Niggers are the fart on which the debauchery of liberalism wafts. Twice, in the history of humans there was a want for the nigger; once we wanted them as slaves, now we want them gone. Never in recorded history, un-recorded history or in rumors of history has the introduction of the nigger resulted in a positive outcome. 
The hefant of a coonstipated sow, Chelsee Dennis, that was given a ventilation DIEvorce by its catch and release breeding partner, Dwight A. Miles, has joined its incubator at DNS. Police said Dennis' sowlette, about 5 years old, was inside the hooptie at the time of the goodification. According to court records, the sowlette ooked to detectives the couple were chimping in the hooptie after Miles accused Dennis of cheating on it and demanded that Dennis, that was driving, take it back to the nest. When confronted, Miles eeked to officers it was chimping out with Dennis about its alleged cheating stemming from an incident earlier that day when it ooked it found its jizz bucket in bed with another male, court records said. 
Goddam, that is one fugly turd. Look at how wide its nose already is. If a human child had those features, it would be considered terribly deformed. How can pigs continue to believe these beasts are just like us? Especially in light of the rest of the TNB in this article?
In Chicongo’s famous Loop a nigger axed a man for a cigarette and when he declined the nigger stabbed him in the neck and stomach. The victim was taken to Northwestern Memorial in serious condition. The nigger is described as a male nigger between the ages of 38 and 45 and approximately 6'2" tall. Chicongo needs to ban all high capacity knives to solve this.
Earlier this week, a customer at a NigMart started recording video on a phone after a coon chimped out at two spook soldiers and called them killers. 
“Y’all are over there in other folks' business and y’all don’t have any rights, y’all ain’t nothing but killers,” the coonstomer ooked to the uniformed niggers. 
The coon is right about niggers not having any "rights" as they have privileges granted to them by humans. The ultimate privilege should be the right of return back to apefrica.
Soldiers?? Looks to me like 2 worthless niggers that are in the "service" because of a deferment. Sure miss R. Lee Ermey here. God Bless Him!!
Nigger niggering on other niggers. This is why I drive twenty miles to the Wal-mart in 95% YT area instead of seven miles to the Nig-mart in Coontown.
Excellent that that blubberlipped black gorilla-faced murder monkey went to DNS. A shame the other two turds didn't too.
That tree must have jumped out in the road, or it was a raciss tree. Was it a white oak??
Nice shit missle story to kick the weekend off with. Too bad the other two coons didn't reach escape velocity.
Being that niggers are a cancer I say the buck is just paving the way for some muh-dikkery.
What a nasty nigger coddling video that was! Inhuman nigger interest stories like this make me sick! Claw job, hoove job, and make-up! I'm surprised this infested gorillapotamus can even knuckle with all that weight! 
Glad to hear it won't get to pollute any of our military now.
Scroll up to that pic again...they can put on a necklace and all the other jewelry they want...still an overdressed ape, in my book.
Is the hooptie ok though?
On a side note, niggers drive like... well how you'd expect. GOT DAT SAIL FOAM
Try the biohazard bin behind the local hospital emergency room nigger.
Here you go nigger:
I think this one is original recipe but I'm sure they'd do you one in extra crispy!!!
I sense the bat fairy looming close to this nigger....
Just like the hoopty, I am sure neither has insurance.
Get that nigger some skates to DNS quick!
Don't forget to axe fo duh hawt saucce!!!
Enjoy your dirt-nap nigger. Prayers for the Oak Trees full recovery and condolences for the Toyota.
Spookys' airbag lips didn't save it from the impact?
Just Mother Nature doing her part to cull back the invasive nigger species that plagues the earth. I like to think the tree grew there for just this purpose.
When you think about it, Mother Nature is always trying to rid herself of the nigger scourge, with water and fire and disease and NHI, yet the libtard pigs keep feeding and sheltering these turds against nature's wishes.
In suburban Chicongo niggersow Torri Stewart of Matteson was diagnosed with nasopharyngeal cancer so nigger Early Walker of W&W Towing in Dixmoor decided to give it an all expense paid prom.
"Free" my Ass!...guaranteed they muh-diked it.
Well, she might be "sick", but the Sherilla POS Negress sure hasn't missed any meals.
Just weeks before graduation, a Lakewood High School teenspook senior, Bryson Welton-Williams, is good after a violent single hooptie crash just steps from the campus. 
Inside were three teennigger seniors, including Trey Lattimoire and Joshua Heath, that just got out of school. 
A Hempstead Village AA cop and former Hempstead volunteer firenig has been arrested after authorities say it forged a letter of recommendation in its police department application and stole $6,500 from the fire department.
Nigger Randy Stith, 27, was arraigned Wednesday on charges of grand larceny, falsifying business records and official misconduct. 
Not a cop nor a firefighter, just another thieving nigger.
First sign that it's going to steal, shit colored skin. 
As we’re both nearly throwing up in our own mouths from the immense sarcasm of our comments - that sadly is truth to Libtard niggerlovers.
Stabby nigger over a damn cigarette?
We need to ban high capacity niggersows that are able to spew forth new felons at speed.
Ban deadly nigger assault wombs!
An ex-coonvict, Brock Antonie Williams, 35, was caught by a detective driving a stolen motorcycle with a license plate that read 'XFELON'.
It was later discovered that Williams was wanted on an arrest warrant.
By the title, I assumed this was going to be another troll or nigher flush. 
Not that there are too many "smart" ones.
Every nigger should have to use that plate!
I would think "North Dakota" and "nigger" together is an oxymoron, right? Grounds for initiating a traffic stop right there.
Chicongo nigger Earrious Moore carjacked 5 vehicles at gunpoint and shot an 84 year-old man in his Mercedes-Benz S550.
A one nigger crime spree. Don't worry it'll be out in a month to carry on its niggertry ways
Some possible ookage by the nigger to excuse its niggerness.
Undoubtably decades of being infected with hepatitis A through Z , like every nigger, had something to do with this medical coondition.
More typical nigger GIBS here...they almost NEVER sign up to donate...but are always in need. I'm signed on as an organ donor...wish I could designate it as follows: FOR HUMAN USE ONLY!!.
Hopefully the extra defective nigger passes soon.
Families typically get confused whenever donor bodies of their loved ones are often kept on life support while their tissues are being removed. Surgeons are not supposed to remove any tissues unless the person is brain dead, but that sometimes doesn't happen especially when they put the body on a ventilator to keep the heart pumping fresh blood into the tissues to keep them alive long enough to harvest. They insist you feel no pain because this is not the same as life, but there is a moment when the ventilator is removed and the heart stops.
Additionally, the donor never gets to choose who the organs go to, and perhaps an organ will go to someone of a different faith, political viewpoint or temperament than the donor. The donor is given no other choice than to believe that all life is sacred and that anyone who receives the “ultimate gift” of a donor organ will be grateful and be imbued with a sense of gratitude and a desire to pay it forward.
After knowing all this, do you still want to be on a donor list? I'm not... and NEVER will.
I would never commit to blanket organ donation, mainly for this reason. I would certainly give a kidney to a friend or family, hell, I would give my life for most of them. But I wouldn't give a squirt of piss to help a nigger steal oxygen for an extra second. This might sound stupid, but it is true: I would also not blanketly accept an organ donation without knowing it came from a human. I would sooner die than pollute my system with nigger-AIDS parts ( not that niggers are donating anything, anywhere, anyhow).
How about we give pappy something to expedite his seff, so dat he can get to dat huge waddamelon patch in da sky, and he'll stop costing tax payers $ to keep him alive n sheeit.
Da only goods pappy is a daed one gnomesayin muh fugga.
That's what daily ingestion of crack, marijuana, extacy, jenkem, whoonga, baff salts, flakka, meth, DL muhdik, Colt 45, grape drank, KFC, chitlins, and Nigports gets ya.
Police and Waffle House corporate executives are defending police intervention at an Alabama restaurant where a black woman's sowpotomous', 25-year-old Chikesia Clemons arrest, captured on video, raised questions about mistreatment.
In a Monday news conference, police in Saraland, a suburb of Mobile, said that they responded when employees called them around 2.45am, reporting trouble with a sowbeast appeared drunk and had been asked to leave for bringing in what employees believed to be alcohol.
What's worse than a sowbeast? A drunk one. Now they want cash for their TNB and legal expenses. Only niggers.
Can you imagine being in need of an organ and you ended up with one of those that got coontaminated with all the substances mentioned above?
I hope this coondition is inherited, so the sow's sprog will soon be axing for a kidney for da mommy.
Ill be glad to donate an organ to a human. But you couldn't pay me enough to give an organ to a nigger.
The thought of having a nigger's organ makes my skin crawl. But if there's a shootout on the streets of coon town and a young buck dies... They probably get harvested all the time.
Couldn't those damned filthy niggers go to their nigborhood witch-dokta and get an organ from an impala...perhaps this one- 
"and a third body with the facial area covered in unknown fluids."
That carcass was paying for storage by being a muhdik toy.
To me it sounds like they just described the average nigger nest.
I think I just saw a down low buck.
You beat me to that one Ulf.
Sounds to me like your typical nigger run business.
I think we have another nominee for SNNOD OIA.
I'm sure every nigger employee there was taking turns mudikin the corpses.
This happens all the time with cooneral homes.
Resist arrest, wind up a mess. Fuck you nigger!
Three things come to mind.
We have the SNNOD.
That was some fine nigger wrangling.
Isn't gofuckyourself/nigger lotto disallowed under criminal conditions? Can that be reported and possibly taken down?
Niggersow law clerk Rhonda Crawford was allowed to preside in a courtroom by judge Valerie Turner in the Chicongo suburb of Markham, and now Crawford was fired for impersonating a judge (im"person"ating) but it apeppears no criminal charges are filed against it. 
How does a lawyer that poses as a judge AND actually presides over a couple cases not lose their law license?!? It was a nigger? Never mind; I now know why.
No way in hell that thing is of the female species. Not to mention it looks high as hell on whatever drug its taking. The only thing its really impersonating is a female, cause it sure as shit looks like a buck to me
It is probably one of FTM's relatives.
The place has to be loaded with nigger lovers to get away with BS like this .
It's not even a lawyer, it's a clerk, a paper pusher.
you are right; I read the write-in nigger's resume and conflated it with the other nigger. It's so darn hard to keep the niggers straight.
That niggers' thighs look like 2 gigantic turds glued onto a glob of fresh gorilla dung. No wonder it took 2 cops to get that huge pile of monkey manure on the ground. WTF was this peanut haid going to do with the plastic fork anyway. Probably eat it with the food.
This is one big ass nigger bitch. Those rumps make sows look fugly and grossly misshapen. Please, someone deflate those.
No wonder so many 24 hour places have started closing. It's to cut down on the worthless niggers that come in and terrorize the places at night.
Looking at that sow on the beach has me wondering why Green Peace was not out there trying to push the fat beast back out to sea.
Wow, lotsa nigger cottage cheese on that beached nigger pic.
How about some justice for us who looked at its ungodly beach body from hell.
Niggers are parasites. They can only take or steal. Without a host, they perish.
On its knees is a nigger's proper place.
A giant turd in the toilet bowl.
How did this shebeast even become a lawyer?
And the niggersow apettorney was found good before its trial next Monday:
LMAO!!! Thanks for brightening my day. I had to run in to Jamalmart, since my ordinary supermarket had some computer issues. You already understand. 
Hilarious! Fuckin' ghetto lobsta!
How in the hell could that gruesome little bastard not die of ugly?
The lil' niglet was jess tryin' a fry up some wangs an sheit got outta hand.
The black wings makes the pavement ape look like a vulture. They should have just used bat wings!
In that first pic, is the minibuck texting Satan on it’s Obongophone to let him know that he’s coming home to hell?
Any word on the condition of the Nissan Altima?
Evel Kenevel moon cricket! Helmets beez rayciss mufuggah!
Angel wings! I knew it!
Come on Red! Find the thugging pics. We know they are out there!
Hilarious! 
This is why you don't ride da dirt bike on da skreet, jig. Gotta lubb da downlow brudda "news reporter" also with the double digit IQ. 
Hopefully they can recover da stolen dirt bike and give it to another "teen" to save the whipipo of Escambia County dem tax dollas
I just watched the video. LMAO! All dem niggers on sail foanz, da phat mammy gorilla showin' her udders, all dem Thrasher tee-skirtz, etc.
It looks like a black Michelin tire man.
Wednesday, April 25, apetorneys Benjamin Crump (that represented "gentle giant" Michael Brown's fambly) and Marcus Fox, that are representing the sowpotomous, passed out hard copies of unverified witness accounts that would discredit the witness statements provided by Saraland Police about what happened when Clemons was arrested early Sunday morning. 
The accounts are not part of any official police reports, but instead, are typed allegations of what two different females claimed to have seen and heard while at the Waffle House at the time of the arrest. 
I'm glad the police department has the officers backs. We ALL know the sowbeast was in there chimping and causing general. This is what they do. Niggers have no choice but to nig. The mere fact that she was required to act even remotely Human and to stop the monkeyshines was more than it or the nigger coonmunity can bare. Expect major TNB and rioting there soon.
Funny how all the White callers on that Fox 10 "Sound Off" segment sounded very reasonable and the niggers could only spout the usual nigtarded Dindu rhetoric.
I support the niggers in their boycott of Waffle House. The niggers should boycott all business establishments and return to apefrica.
If that shit-beast was going for disgusting crap sack it succeeded.
This is the astonishing TNB moment a chimping shegroid smashed the window of a Popeye's restaurant in Staten Island because its nigger chow meal deal didn't include a soda. 
Staff say the 'extremely drunk' coonstomer knuckle dragged into the store looking to buy a $4 Wicked Good Deal.
Popeyes usually charge $7-$9 for a combo with a drink anyway, so even if she added a drink to the $4 it still would have been cheaper. I'm guessing she only had exactly 4 dollars in change on her (probably didn't even account for tax). Maybe Popeyes will have some pro-nigger training for it's employees since they didn't give this nigger a free drink.
Sell nigger chow, enjoy niggers nigging.
And here it is outside Popeye's. 
The "Wicked Good Deal" At Popeyes: 3 Hots 'n' A Cot For 6 Months, Hopefully.
I'll bet it chimped out something like this:
"Aye! Y'all fogawt my grAPE soda. Where da fuck be my soda niqqa? Iz needs my muhfuggin grAPE soda nows!!!"
Chicongo catch-‘n-release nigger Lazarick J. West was apettempting an armed carjacking on a retired CPD officer with 2 other niggers when the victim blew away Lazarick with shots to its torso.
That whole "no niggers allowed" idea just keeps sounding better and better all of the time.
A gun groid has ooked guilty in connection with the shooting of Lachey's Bar manager Ellie Richardson, agreeing to serve eight years behind bars.
The trigger nigger, Lavoris Hightower, 36, was originally charged with attempted murder, but accepted a plea deal in the shooting.
It looks fat enough to have an entire section to itself at DNS.
Good riddance you idiotic looking nigger.
As soon as I saw this, I started laughing. Worthless, fat "teen" Rest in ASS, moron!
Reap what you sow nigger.
This is why niggers should be served only around in the back of businesses if at all.
So with good nigger behavior in it will do 1/2 of 8 years unless some nigger-worshipping judge grants it parole.
But my question is HOW can a nigger be sentenced in this coontry of niggerloving judges to a sentence where the nigger MIGHT serve 4 years?!?? Unbelievable such a strict sentence was pawed down to the horsenostril nigger.
Correct me if I am wrong but isn't lavoris an old brand of mouthwash?
I may have to change it to Stupid Nigger Name Of the Hour.
Probably the nigger's sow was in a baffroom when it was shat out, and saw the word "Lavoris" on a bottle of mouthwash left there by the last YT in the building, fifty or more years ago, and never touched since by paw of nigger. The sow thought "Lavoris" was what it was meant to name its sprog.
Only ape years? That is some serious nigger loving.
Life has obviously become pretty cheap in America after a post 8 years of a nigger president.
Lavoris had better use some Lavoris before it gets it's down low lubbin in duh nigga u showers!!! Jail nigger doesn't like bad breff!!!!
Luz Baena, 55, told Houston police that she was riding her bicycle when the nigger pulled up beside her, grabbed her arm and forced her into its hooptie. 
The suspook has been described as a nigger male with a thin build, between 5'6 and 5'8, bald and clean-shaven. He felt entitled to a YT wimminz
Goddamn! A lady can't even ride her bike without getting attacked by a fucking nigger. I hate those goddamn things more everyday!
Sow Adrian Perry ooked it had no choice but to turn its trigger sprog, Derriontay Perry, into police after seeing it in this surveillance video on television Tuesday.
On Sunday, April 22, a the gun groid knuckle dragged up to the home on the 5000 block of Berta Road asking for a ride, and then pointed a handgun at the victim.
Probably a reward for the trigger nigger. That's the only reason they turn each other in
Yeah prob a free sail fawn or gift card for Family Dollar.
That sow best get busy and earn some bail money.
I used to travel to or through Memphis several times a year to see family and go to concerts at Mud Island and The Pyramid. It became so dangerous that just driving through North Memphis and past the nigger housing projects, in order to get to down-town or to Germantown where my family used to live, I stopped going. It's been over 12 years since I've been back. Niggers ruin everything. For all I care, they could bulldoze the whole nigger infested city into the Mississippi River.
Just looking closer at that those pics TRH posted of that one..pretty damn sure that attempt at hair is a wig there...
We don't need to pollute the Mississippi like that. I'm sure we can come up with much more environmental friendlier way of disposing of niggers such as shipping them all .
Probably wanted it out of its nest so more gibs for itself while its sprog gets free room and board at NU.
See a nigger and expect some type of shit to go down.
This is a deep, deep pile of crap, no sow would ever turn in its shitling because it is the right thing to do.
Nigstrom should know better than to allow fat niggers to shop with credit cards. Cash only policy for suspooks!
I recall this incident. BLA nigger "soldiers" murdered two LE officers by shooting them cowardly from behind.
might be time for these niggers to stay in nigger U for a bit longer.
There is nothing to rehabilitate, whatever niggers do is natural instinct to them, that's why they should have been sent back to the Jungle years ago like 200 years ago!
I agree. I wish to God the niggers-in-charge had never discovered their tribal members were a viable commodity and that some poor saps would actually buy them.
Niggers don't learn, and can't be "rehabilitated" because they were never "habilitated" to begin with. I suppose we shall continue to pay the exorbitant cost associated with caging these worthless coons. These sure seem like niggers that could have been put down by the arresting officer without any loss to society, since these niggers are beyond redemption.
Can't take the jungle out of any nigger. Libtards have tried and failed many times, they simply aren't human like us.
Look at this horseshit, the subhuman nigger ground ape claims it deserves niggerparole because, "I beed learnin' to play duh flute, an SHEEE-it." 
This cocksucking nigger needs to live its miserable shitape life out in Nigger University, and it should be in solitary coonfinement EVERY damn day, 24 hours a day with no human or dumb nigger animal coontact. No TV, sensory deprivation, FUCK this piece of muleshit nigger (and all niggers).
No amount of attempted rehabilitation will ever rehab the nigger out of a nigger, let'em rot.
He probably learned to play the flute from practicing on a skin flute. I say when the dead cops get out of the grave - they get out of jail.
This nigger piece of excrement is walking free because a Nig York libtarded parole board bought the nigger's argument that "ah beez a model prisoner, ah earned a master's degree and ah plays da flute, sheeeit." It should be noted that six previous parole boards rejected this nigger BS.
Victims should be allowed to sue the Parole Board as individuals when the coons they release commit offenses after telease. This will clamp fown on their liberal beliefs.
Yup... that's all we need is two more filthy, dirty, evil, vile, violent niggers roaming around free unchecked unsupervised
perfroming more crime, then they go into cry baby nigger mode.
And only accept the cash after the notes have been throughly scrutinized by an expert for forgery.
Any nigger within sight should be taken as the first sign of trouble.
REPEAL THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF '65!! Never let them in in the first place..
I knew it was a SHITSKIN because only SHITSKINS wears hoodies in the southern states especially when the temperature is in the 80's degree mark and the way the SHITSKIN was knuckledragging in the streets
i don't care about the dead niggers but this groid needs to be wrangled on account of the human victim.
Glad they caught the freak.
Nigger Bakkaball Player Howell Donaldson, who played college hoops for St. John's was charged with four counts of premeditated murder and booked into the Hillsborough County (Florida) jail at around 3 a.m. Tuesday.
The nigger was aperested at McNiggers where it worked after it told the manger of the McNiggers to hold its gun, while it got a payday loan, and the manager contacted a police officer eating at the McNiggers.
Hope that nigger gets the deff sentence.
Oh hell yeah!
One more nigger off the streets!
I honestly hope this one gets goodified at NU before it has a chance to rack up an astronomical storage and feeding bill.
What's funny is that if you're a serial killer, why go through the trouble of working at McDonalds and end up robbing the place? If there's one thing you don't want to do if you don't want to get caught, is rob the place where you work at.
I thought they were only white?
The story says that the Nigger graduated from St Johns U. in NYC this past January. And he was currently working at a McNiggers as a "Crew Chief". So he was a very high achieving Nigger. I wonder what his St John's degree was in?
Since they became eligible for parole a decade ago, two aging ex-members, Herman Bell and Anthony Bottom, of a militant nigger power group aka Black Liberation Army serving 25-years-to-life sentences for the 1971 killings of two New York City police officers, Joseph Piagentini and Waverly Jones, have been routinely rejected for release after displaying little or no remorse.
The admissions have reignited a debate over whether the niggers, that still call themselves political prisoners, have become rehabilitated after four decades in Nigger U or are simply more willing to game the system.
A 31-year-old uppity nigger will be federally caged for 14 months after twice trying to barge through security at Charlotte Douglas International Airport, and making racial slurs towards airport staff. Jigaboo Jordan Lee Moore, 31, was an apeployee of American Airlines when it attempted to push through the TSA Pre-Check lane without proper authorization.
Segregation is the only thing that will bring a stop to all this nonsense. Whenever a nigger is about I am on full alert as you can never let your guard down around them. A chimpout over a cup of coffee. I can do nothing but shake my head as this just does not surprise me in the least.
Don't worry, libtards are working hard on making this nigger a "victim," complete with movie deal and "Ellen" and CNN apepearances. His rap "mixtape" be receibin' dat Pulluhzer Pribe an shit, next.
34 years old but chimps out like a 2 year old. Ongoing proof niggers are not fit or able to live in the human population.
Why didn't they just stick it on a plane? They already had the coon at the airport.
Only if the nigger has the advantage, if not, they are all fucking cowards! Never let a nigger get the upper hand!
Niggers are the reason I hate flying in the USA. Every major US airports is fuxated with violent NAPA niggers, Somalicoon niggers, and fat sheboons. The government has been giving AApe jobs to niggers in airports for decades. It is truly frightening. Go on to Europe, South American, and Asia there are no niggers to be found. Can't speak for Apefreaka. Can't say I'll be buying a ticket to Apefreaka any time soon.
Those "No niggers allowed" signs really need to make a comeback.
I LOATHE the curt nigger TSApe niggers at Goriladelphia, Chicongo, Newark Nig Jersey, Nig York’s apeports (including Westchimpster apeport), Chimpinnati, Clevelip, Apelanta, Charlotte Nig Carolina and also Miapei.
Really? A violent apesault on a Human and they just let the nigger walk?
What a dopey looking spoon, sorry sooty those glasses do not cover up the empty cranium of space.
I'll never coddle a nigger. I'll have to get another job if that was the case. Speaking of niggers, that one primitive sow there. This species keeps devolving more and more every day.
Well at least there is one place where TNB and monkeyshines are not permitted. They get away with it everywhere else and it thought it could do the same here.
Now this nigger will be on TV ooking about discrimination and the CEO of Wawa will kiss it's ass and employees sent to nigger coddling classes.
The nigger has that certain "muzzycoon look" too.
The way that niggers lips are pressed together, in each of its pictures, it looks as if it is about to speak "ook".
The inner chimp inside nigger noggin cannot be tamed no matter what libtards think!
Indeed it must have thought so. This Starniggerlovingbucks situation is making a lot niggers more uppity than usual lately!
A pappy, Theodis Daniel, in Houston turned its teensprog, Critsian Danel, 18, in to police after the teennigger ooked to it that it broke into 250 cars, including a Houston police officer's civilian car and took a service revolver. Beside the Glock 43 gun, Cristian also stole a flashlight, a neon police set, a gas mask, a carry bag, an HPD ticket book and ammunition. 
The slightest sign of dispekt is enough to put any nigger in a murderous rage.
A 34-year-old shebeast, Tiffany Evans was arrested Wednesday after it assaulted a Wawa employee over a mistake with its order, police said. Evans began to argue with the second employee and threw a freshly poured cup of hot coffee in the employee's face, causing burns, Hoffman said. 
What kind of SNNOD is that?
That is one yeller nigger.
The only thing worse than a police state is a nigger state.
Here's what the jizz donor nigger is "thinking" quotations because niggers don't think like humans it's all impulse. Well this sprog of mine is an "adult" by human standards and the Gibs will stop because the nigger is 18. So the Pappy, that happens to magically stick aground. No longer has use for it's nigger offspring. So the creature doesn't want to waste his foo skramps on the young buck so he sends the patio primate to nigger university. So pappy doesn't have to share it's EBT and crack money!
I'm sure the jizz donor didn't want any competition for the jenkem, blue waffles, crack, blunts, and malt likka. And the younger nigger needs to be introduced to all of the down low fun at NU!
The snitchin' jizz donor is going to catch hell when the sticky fingered sprog gets outta lock-up. Maybe we will get a couple of good niggers out of the ensuing chimpout.
Down low pappy could no longer hit the sides or bottom of teensprog and needed to get it out of the nest so it could upgrade to a younger buck.
Two sheteens have been arrested and charged over allegedly attacking a pregnant teacher (unknown if a human woman or not) at an elementary school and stealing her car in Baltimore on Friday. Local police arrested a 14-year-old sheteen and 16-year-old teentwat Tyana Keyshawn Holmes on Sunday over the attack at Villa Cresta Elementary School.
Bet that tough acting little nigger won't act so tough in NU. Most likely be squealing like a pig.
I'm sure the libtards are already working on getting this animal a movie deal, and appearance on Ellen because it's rights be violated, dey juss profilin' me cuz I'm black.
Nah, it will probably get some Bootlipmore, Murderland niggerjudge dispensing special nigger “justice” à la Cook Coonty’s (Chicongo) Judge Marvin “Let ‘Em Go” Luckman and these niggersows will be knuckling feral again before midnight tonight.
All these little shit turds should be tried as adults if they are coonmitting adult crimes. Stop protecting them. Name them and shame them.
Dead eyes. Unruly fur. The monkey queen of cell block C. But of course, "just like us".